What kinds of messages will be exchanged across the control connection?
The control connection will be used to send commands from the client to the server.
The commands include 'lls', 'get', 'put', and 'quit'.
The control connection is also used for the server to send the client a flag.
The flag will indicate whether the server is ready to receive commands or not.
Flag with value '1' means the server is ready.
Flag with value '0' means the client is breaking the connection.

How does the other side respond to each type of message?
If server receives 'lls', then a list of files in the server's directory will be sent back through the data channel.
If server receives 'quit', then it will send the client a flag of '0' causing the client to disconnect.
If server receives 'get' and a file name, it will send the client a file through the data channel.
If server receives 'put' and a file name, it will receive a file from the client through the data channel.
Data channel is established by opening an ephemeral port, which will make a second connection between client and server.
After data channel is established, data will be sent over the channel.  This happens while the control connection is still open.

What sizes/formats will the messages have?
Control commands will be sent through the connection as a bytes-like object.
When reaching either server or client side, the object will be decoded into the appropriate format for use in the code.
The flags are also sent through the connection as a bytes-like object and will be decoded to the appropriate format.

What message exchanges have to take place in order to setup a file transfer channel?
Client sends command, either 'put' or 'get', to the server as well as the file name.
Server will establish a ephemeral port connection.
Once the connection is established, the client or server will locate the file.
10 bytes indicating the file size will be sent to the client or server followed by the file data.
Client or server will stop receiving data when the indicated file size is reached.

How will the receiving side know when to start/stop receiving the file?
A size will be first send to the receiving side.
Receiving side will know when to stop receiving the file when the indicated file size is reached.
